# MoneyWatch - Simple accounting website
#### Video Demo:  <URL [HERE](https://youtu.be/bQDnwcPsWGc)>
#### Description:
MoneyWatch is a simple accounting website created with an aim to help those friends out there who wish to track their spendings and earnings, but lack of basic accounting knowledge holds them back. This website is made as user friendly as possible. When the user enters the website for the first time user should register with a username and password along with  a 4 digit PIN which will be used to change the password if the user forgets the password.
After logging in the user ends up in the index page where the user is supposed to see the summary of payments and receipts. For entering transactions click on the Create Transaction in the navbar. Here the user chooses the date of transaction, the purpose of Payment/Receipt, type of transaction whether Payment or Receipt, chooses the account from or to the amount is transacted be it Cash or Bank and finally the amount. When clicked on upload transaction the user can see the summary of transactions like a Day Book, also the total bank balance and cash balance. The user can sort and filter data to be displayed according to his needs. There is also a print option so that the user can print out the sorted and filtered transactions for further reference or auditing purposes.
The next button in the navbar is for Creating Vouchers. In this page we can either record a payment for which we need a voucher or a payment proof otherwise we can add a payment to be made in the future to Payment Dues. If we are planning to enter Dues a Due Date section appears. When uploaded to Dues it pops up in the Payment Due section badged with the number of Dues.
If the user is cerating a voucher for Paid transactions it will automatically pop up in the index and voucher pages. In the Voucher page the user can printout individual vouchers.
In Payment Due tab we can see all those payments which are due and their Due dates. There is an action button for each line written Paid. If a transaction is being paid from the dues the user just has to click on the Paid button. This will remove that transaction from the Dues and shows them along with other payments in the voucher and the index.
